The Prince of Yan has returned safely.
That girl, Jiangzhu,
went straight to his room.
Not long after,
the Prince rushed out,
nearly fleeing in panic.
Tell me,
in that short moment,
what happened?
A man like Prince Yan,
panicked like that...
If Imperial Uncle had nothing to hide,
why would he run in disarray?
Could it be...
related to Miss Qin's marriage?
He suddenly entered the palace and fixed the wedding date.
What did you say?
Imperial Uncle and Zhaohua's wedding date is set?
Sister Zhaohua...
I know someone.
He's very handsome,
just with a strange temper.
People around him don't really like him.
He was very mean to me at first.
But...
he also suffered because of me.
There is resentment between us.
But I thought...
he might die in three months.
It makes me
a little sad.
What illness does he have?
Can I see him?
He...
His illness...
medicine can't cure it.
That's terrible.
Sister Zhaohua,
is something troubling you too?
You look worried.
I have an engagement.
The wedding date is near.
That man has been kind to me.
I should marry him.
But...
you like someone else.
I don't dare admit it.
Crimson,
medicine is brewing in the backyard stove.
Could you watch it for me?
All right.
Are you really going to marry him?
Coming.
She is now the rightful Princess Consort of Yan.
His Highness will come for treatment later.
Remember to bring Shijin with you.
Otherwise,
there will be gossip,
and everyone will get hurt.
If I don't hear the truth today,
I won't leave.
I'll go get the medicine.
What's the Crown Prince doing here?
Zhaohua,
admit it.
You have me in your heart.
Only me.
The one Zhaohua loves is...
Your Highness?
Why hasn't this wound healed yet?
As long as I can receive your care,
it may stay unhealed.
I'll fetch fresh gauze.
I'm sorry.
Sister Zhaohua,
I just...
everyone heard it.
But you should be with the one you love.
Together.
Miss Jiangzhu is right.
Mistaken.
Shen Miao is not Xiao Xiangyun.
Careful.
You two
look like a perfect match.
You know,
Miss Jiangzhu and I
met by chance.
You have this auspicious-cloud mark too.
A hundred years ago,
chaos erupted in the palace,
and royal offspring were scattered.
Their identities became hard to verify.
From then on,
our ancestors set a rule:
after every royal child is born,
this auspicious-cloud mark is left on the body.
I see.
On June eighth, twelve years ago,
your leg...
you were injured in Misty Forest.
It seems that accident
also made you lose your memory.
Your leg...
was injured
while saving me.
They didn't even discuss it with Zhaohua,
just settled the date.
Isn't this too abrupt?
It's all that demon next door's fault.
Why blame her?
How did she affect me?
Shen Miao...
Are you asleep?
What I really wanted to tell you is...
you are not my savior.
My savior
is actually...
I wanted to tell you
it was the Crown Prince who saved me.
But...
I heard from Qingniang today that you proposed marriage.
Whoever your fiancée is,
congratulations.
And also,
I won't trouble you to repay my debt anymore.
Don't worry.
So you came here at night
just to tell me
you'll keep bothering Shen Yuheng from now on?
Live in Bichen Palace with him,
raise golden serpents with him,
remind him every day about repaying kindness,
watch his safety at all times,
keep him from getting hurt,
then try every way to heal his leg,
so he can stand up and carry you?
You said all that in one breath.
Impressive.
Why are you throwing a fit?
I'm going out tomorrow.
Stay here and behave.
If you dig another tunnel and sneak out,
I'll break your legs.
He might not even have a few months left.
Your Highness.
So many guards at the gate.
How did you get in?
That doesn't matter.
This is for you.
Miss Jiangzhu stood up for Zhaohua,
and she's my savior too.
Our fate runs deep.
I came to invite you
to my birthday banquet.
Will you honor me?
Sounds fun.
But...
But what?
Shen Miao, he...
Qingniang,
why are you preparing all this?
Two days from now is the anniversary of the prince's mother's death.
I must go outside the city with the prince to offer rites.
So I need to prepare early.
Since it's her death anniversary,
why go outside the city?
The day Consort Xian passed away,
his Highness was born.
It ruined the palace's grand celebration.
Since then, this death anniversary
became a taboo.
His Majesty forbade all public memorial rites.
The prince can only slip out in secret
to worship beneath the tree she planted
before entering the palace.
He can't even openly see her spirit tablet.
He'll be furious if he learns I snuck out again.
But...
with this token,
Crimson,
I'll go to your birthday banquet tomorrow.
Your Highness,
why did you invite only me?
I'm all alone.
Since we met in that accident,
I have a favor to ask.
Help me recover my memories
from before I was eight.
I see.
What do you want to know?
After I saved you and got injured,
where did you go?
I...
How did you hurt your hand?
It's nothing.
A minor injury.
I noticed you came late.
I thought you didn't want to be friends.
I...
I got...
lost.
Your place is too big.
That was my oversight.
I should have had Shijin fetch you earlier.
I'm truly happy
about this reunion.
Let's drink.
I'm also happy
to have found you.
This wine tastes...
This wine
is plum wine brewed in my birth year.
Over twenty years have passed.
The taste is unique.
I see.
Please.
Grapes are purple.
I've only seen green grapes before.
How special.
So sweet.
After the camp massacre twelve years ago,
the Jade Waist Slaves disappeared.
They can easily hide among commoners.
Only blood
can force their true forms to appear.
If she truly is a Jade Waist Slave,
Imperial Uncle, you're finished.
It's rare that we drink together.
Today,
no one leaves sober.
More.
Again.
Come.
MkvDrama.Net